PREVIOUSLY:
EXCUSE ME, MISS.
IT'S PHOEBE.
WOULD THAT BE ALL?
THEY'RE TWINS.
PHOEBE'S PHOEBE.
URSULA'S... HOT.
IT'S FOR URSULA.
SURE. HERE.
OKAY, IT FITS.
MARCEL,
GIVE ROSSY THE REMOTE.
( audio in Spanish )
HOW DID HE DO THIS?
IT'S THIS WHOLE STUPID
URSULA THING.
HE'S GOING OUT WITH HER.
IS IT REALLY SO TERRIBLE?
YOU DON'T KNOW HER.
TALK TO JOEY.
HE'S FALLING IN LOVE WITH HER.
YOU WON'T LOSE HIM.
THEY HAVEN'T EVEN
SLEPT TOGETHER YET.
IT'S NOT SERIOUS.
OH!
UM... YEAH...
MAY WE HELP YOU?
( yelping )
RACHEL!
I'M OKAY! I'M OKAY!
Rachel:
OW, OW, OW.
Monica:
HI. MY FRIEND
WAS TAKING DOWN
OUR CHRISTMAS LIGHTS
AND FELL OFF
THE BALCONY
AND PROBABLY
BROKE HER FOOT.
YOU STILL HAVE
YOUR CHRISTMAS LIGHTS UP?!
FILL THIS OUT
AND BRING IT
BACK TO ME.
OW, OW, OW.
OKAY. OKAY.
OOH. ALL RIGHT.
NAME.
ADDRESS.
OKAY. IN CASE
OF EMERGENCY, CALL..?
YOU.
REALLY?
YEAH.
OH, THAT'S SO SWEET.
OH, GOSH.
I LOVE YOU.
INSURANCE?
OH, YEAH. CHECK IT.
DEFINITELY
WILL WANT SOME.
YOU DON'T HAVE INSURANCE?
WHY? HOW MUCH
WILL THIS COST?
X RAYS ALONE COULD BE
A COUPLE HUNDRED DOLLARS.
WHAT WILL WE DO?
THERE'S NOT MUCH
WE CAN DO.
UM... UNLESS,
UNLESS I USE YOURS.
NO, NO, NO,
NO, NO, NO, NO.
NOW, WAIT A SECOND.
WHO DID I JUST PUT
AS MY "IN CASE OF
EMERGENCY" PERSON?
THAT'S INSURANCE FRAUD.
WELL, ALL RIGHT.
THEN, FORGET IT.
MIGHT AS WELL JUST GO HOME.
OW! OW! OW!
OKAY. COME HERE.
I HATE THIS.
THANK YOU.
I LOVE YOU.
HI.
UM, I'M GOING TO NEED
A NEW SET OF THESE FORMS.
WHY?
I AM REALLY AN IDIOT.
YOU SEE
I WAS FILLING OUT
MY FRIEND'S FORM
AND INSTEAD OF PUTTING
HER INFORMATION
I PUT MINE.
YOU ARE AN IDIOT.
YEP. THAT'S ME.
I'M THAT STUPID.
I HAD A DREAM
LAST NIGHT
WHERE I WAS PLAYING
FOOTBALL WITH MY KID.
Both:
THAT'S NICE.
NO. WITH HIM.
I'M ON THIS FIELD,
AND THEY HIKE ME THE BABY.
AND I KNOW
I'VE GOT TO DO SOMETHING
'CAUSE THE TAMPA BAY DEFENSE
IS COMING
RIGHT AT ME.
TAMPA BAY HAS
A TERRIBLE TEAM.
RIGHT, BUT...
IT IS JUST ME AND THE BABY
SO I'M THINKING
THEY CAN TAKE US.
AND SO, I, UH...
I JUST HEAVE IT DOWNFIELD!
YOU'RE CRAZY?!
THAT'S A BABY!
HE SHOULD
TAKE THE SACK?
ANYWAY, SUDDENLY I'M DOWNFIELD,
AND I REALIZE THAT I'M THE ONE
WHO'S SUPPOSED
TO CATCH HIM, RIGHT?
ONLY I KNOW THERE IS NO WAY
I'LL GET THERE IN TIME.
SO I AM RUNNING
AND I'M RUNNING
AND THAT IS WHEN I WOKE UP.
SEE, I AM SO NOT READY
TO BE A FATHER.
HEY, YOU'RE
GOING TO BE FINE.
YOU'RE ONE OF
THE MOST CARING
MOST RESPONSIBLE MEN
IN NORTH AMERICA.
YOU'LL MAKE
A GREAT DAD.
YEAH. YOU AND THE BABY
JUST NEED BETTER BLOCKING.
HAVE EITHER ONE OF YOU
EVER BEEN TO
THE RAINBOW ROOM?
IS IT REAL EXPENSIVE?
ONLY IF YOU ORDER STUFF.
I'M TAKING
URSULA TONIGHT.
IT'S HER BIRTHDAY.
WHOA. WHAT ABOUT
PHOEBE'S BIRTHDAY?
WHEN'S THAT?
UH...
TONIGHT.
AH, MAN.
WHAT ARE THE ODDS
OF THAT HAPPENING?
YOU TAKE YOUR TIME.
THERE IT IS.
SO WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO DO?
WHAT CAN I DO?
LOOK, I DON'T WANT
TO SCREW IT UP WITH URSULA.
AND YOUR FRIEND PHOEBE?
IF SHE'S MY FRIEND,
HOPEFULLY SHE'LL UNDERSTAND.
WOULDN'T YOU GUYS?
MAN, IF YOU TRIED
SOMETHING LIKE THAT
ON MY BIRTHDAY
YOU'D BE STARING
AT THE BUSINESS END
OF A HISSY FIT.
YOU ADD A PINCH
OF SAFFRON.
IT MAKES
ALL THE DIFFERENCE.
OKAY.
UHH... MONICA.
YES.
YES, SHE IS.
HI.
THIS IS MY FRIEND RACHEL.
HI, RACHEL.
I'M DR. MITCHELL.
AND I'M HIS FRIEND,
DR. ROSEN.
YOU'RE A LITTLE CUTE
TO BE A DOCTOR.
EXCUSE ME?
I MEANT "YOUNG."
YOUNG TO BE A DOCTOR.
GOOD, RACH.
THANK YOU.
RIGHT.
SO HE SAID
IT WAS JUST A SPRAIN
AND THAT WAS IT.
YOU LEFT OUT
THE STUPID PART.
IT'S NOT STUPID.
THE VERY CUTE DOCTORS
ASKED US OUT
FOR TOMORROW NIGHT,
AND I SAID YES.
I THINK IT'S
TOTALLY INSANE.
THEY WORK
FOR THE HOSPITAL.
IT'S LIKE RETURNING
TO THE SCENE
OF THE CRIME.
I SAY WE BLOW OFF
THE DATES.
WHAT?!
MONICA, THEY ARE CUTE.
THEY ARE DOCTORS.
CUTE DOCTORS.
DOCTORS WHO ARE CUTE.
ALL RIGHT.
WHAT HAVE WE
LEARNED SO FAR?
( knocking )
OH, GOD. OKAY.
All:
SURPRISE!
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?
YOU SCARED THE CRAP OUT OF ME.
WAS THAT
THE CAKE?
YEAH. YEP.
I GOT A LEMON SHMUSH.
COME ON. SHE'LL
BE HERE SOON.
Rachel:
OH, I HOPE IT'S OKAY.
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY, PEEHEE."
MAYBE WE CAN MAKE A "B"
OUT OF A ROSE.
WE'LL JUST USE OUR
SPECIAL CAKE TOOLS.
HEY, WHAT'S GOING ON?
All:
SURPRISE!
OH! OH! OH!
THIS IS SO GREAT!
OH, MY GOD!
THIS WAS NOT
AT ALL SCARY.
HI, EVERYBODY.
HI, BETTY.
BETTY! HI!
YOU FOUND BETTY!
THIS IS SO GREAT.
OH, EVERYBODY I LOVE
IS IN THE SAME ROOM, OH.
WHERE'S JOEY?
DID YOU SEE BETTY?
I WOULDN'T MIND HAVING
A PIECE OF THIS SUN-DRIED
TOMATO BUSINESS.
FIVE YEARS AGO,
IF SOMEBODY HAD SAID TO ME
"HERE'S A TOMATO
THAT LOOKS LIKE A PRUNE"
I'D HAVE SAID,
"GET OUT OF MY OFFICE."
DAD, BEFORE I WAS BORN,
DID YOU FREAK OUT AT ALL?
I'M NOT FREAKING OUT!
I'M JUST SAYING
IF SOMEONE
HAD COME TO ME...
DAD, DAD, DAD...
I'M TALKING ABOUT
THE WHOLE BABY THING.
DID YOU EVER GET
THIS SORT OF...
PANICKY, "OH, MY GOD,
I'M GOING TO BE A FATHER"
KIND OF A THING?
NO.
YOUR MOTHER
DID THE WORK.
I WAS BUSY WITH THE BUSINESS.
I WASN'T AROUND THAT MUCH.
IS THAT WHAT THIS IS ABOUT?
NO, DAD.
I WAS JUST WONDERING...
'CAUSE THERE'S TIME
TO MAKE UP FOR THAT.
YOU ALWAYS WANTED TO GO
TO THAT COLONIAL WILLIAMSBURG.
HOW ABOUT WE DO THAT?
THANKS, DAD, REALLY.
I JU...
YOU KNOW, I JUST...
I JUST...
I JUST NEEDED TO KNOW, UM...
WHEN DID YOU START
TO FEEL LIKE A FATHER?
OH.
WELL, I GUESS
IT MUST HAVE BEEN...
THE DAY AFTER YOU WERE BORN.
WE WERE IN
THE HOSPITAL ROOM.
YOUR MOTHER WAS ASLEEP
AND THEY BROUGHT YOU IN
AND GAVE YOU TO ME.
YOU WERE THIS UGLY
LITTLE RED THING.
( chuckles )
AND ALL OF A SUDDEN
YOU GRABBED MY FINGER
WITH YOUR WHOLE FIST
AND YOU SQUEEZED IT
SO TIGHT.
AND THAT'S WHEN I KNEW.
SO YOU DON'T WANT TO GO
TO WILLIAMSBURG?
WE CAN GO
TO WILLIAMSBURG.
EAT YOUR FISH.
( audio in Spanish )
RACHEL, THE CUTE DOCTORS
ARE HERE.
HI. COME ON IN.
Both:
HI.
WE BROUGHT WINE.
IT'S FROM THE CELLARS
OF ERNEST
AND TOVA BORGNINE.
SO, HOW COULD
WE RESIST?
OH, THAT'S GREAT!
MONICA, HOW'S
THE ANKLE?
IT'S...
( Rachel clearing throat )
WHY DON'T YOU
TELL THEM?
AFTER ALL,
IT IS YOUR ANKLE.
IT'S FEELING
A LOT BETTER.
THANK YOU.
LISTEN, GUYS, SIT DOWN
AND WE'LL GET YOU
SOME GLASSES.
OKAY.
STAT.
LISTEN. I'M THINKING
LET'S JUST TELL THEM
WHO WE ARE.
I REALLY THINK
IT'LL BE FINE.
IT WILL NOT BE FINE.
WE'LL GET IN TROUBLE.
WOULD YOU STOP
BEING SUCH A WUSS.
A WUSS?
EXCUSE ME FOR LIVING
IN THE REAL WORLD.
SO?
SO THEY STILL
SEEM NORMAL.
THEY ARE NORMAL.
BUT YOU HAVE TO ADMIT
EVERY TIME
WE GO OUT WITH WOMEN
WE MEET AT THE HOSPITAL...
RELAX. LOOK AROUND.
THERE ARE NO
PAGAN ALTARS.
NO PILES OF BONES
IN THE CORNERS.
THEY'RE FINE.
GO LIKE THIS.
I SAID WE ARE NOT
GOING TO DO IT.
SOMETIMES YOU CAN BE
SUCH A BIG BABY.
I AM NOT A BABY.
SERIOUS.
I MEAN, EVERY TIME...
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WHAT?
WHAT?!
EVERY DAY,
YOU ARE BECOMING
MORE AND MORE
LIKE YOUR MOTHER.
EXCUSE ME.
HELLO! HERE WE GO!
THIS IS A GREAT PLACE.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU
LIVED HERE?
THANKS. I'VE BEEN HERE
ABOUT SIX YEARS.
AND RACHEL MOVED IN
A FEW MONTHS AGO.
YEAH.
SEE, I WAS SUPPOSED
TO GET MARRIED, BUT, UM...
I LEFT THE GUY
AT THE ALTAR.
HMM.
REALLY?
YEAH.
YEAH, I KNOW
IT'S PRETTY SELFISH
BUT, HEY, THAT'S ME.
WHY DON'T YOU TRY
THE HUMMUS?
SO, MONICA,
WHAT DO YOU DO?
UHH... I AM A CHEF
AT A RESTAURANT UPTOWN.
GOOD FOR YOU.
YEAH, IT IS.
MOSTLY BECAUSE I GET
TO BOSS PEOPLE AROUND
WHICH I JUST LOVE TO DO.
WELL, THIS HUMMUS
IS GREAT.
GOD BLESS
THE CHICK-PEA.
( breaking into laughter )
OH, GOD.
I AM SO SPOILED.
THAT'S IT.
AND BY THE WAY
HAVE I MENTIONED
THAT BACK IN HIGH SCHOOL
I WAS A COW?
I USED TO WET MY BED.
I USED MY BREASTS
TO GET PEOPLE'S ATTENTION.
WE BOTH DO THAT.
( phone ringing )
( ringing continues )
MONICA AND RACHEL'S APARTMENT.
UH, JUST ONE SECOND.
UH, RACHEL--
IT'S YOUR DAD.
HI, DAD.
NO. IT'S ME.
LISTEN, DAD,
I CAN'T TALK RIGHT NOW.
BUT THERE'S SOMETHING, UM...
THERE'S SOMETHING THAT
I'VE BEEN MEANING TO TELL YOU.
EXCUSE ME A SECOND.
REMEMBER BACK IN FRESHMAN YEAR?
BILLY DRESKIN AND I HAD SEX
ON YOUR BED.
( gasping )
DADDY... DADDY, WHY?
WHY WOULD I SLEEP
WITH BILLY DRESKIN?
HIS FATHER TRIED
TO PUT YOU OUT OF BUSINESS.
YOU ARE DEAD!
ROSS, HE'S GOT
THE REMOTE AGAIN.
GOOD.
MAYBE HE CAN
SWITCH IT BACK.
( TV audio in Spanish )
MAYBE NOT.
HELLO?
UM... YEAH.
UH... OKAY.
HOLD ON A SECOND.
LET ME JUST SEE
IF SHE'S HERE.
IT'S THE WOMAN
FROM THE HOSPITAL
ADMISSIONS OFFICE.
THERE'S A PROBLEM
WITH THE FORM.
OH, GOD. WHAT DO WE DO?
I DON'T KNOW.
FIND OUT WHAT
THEY WANT.
OKAY. NO, YOU DO IT.
HELLO. THIS IS MONICA.
YEAH?
OH.
OKAY.
YES, WE'LL BE
RIGHT DOWN.
THANK YOU.
WHAT?
WE FORGOT TO SIGN
ONE OF THE
ADMISSIONS FORMS.
OKAY, YOU WERE RIGHT.
THIS WAS NOT WORTH IT.
THANK YOU.
OKAY, LET ME
JUST CHANGE.
HEY.
HEY.HI.
TROUBLE?
YOUR SISTER STOOD ME UP
THE OTHER NIGHT.
OH, NO.
DON'T YOU HATE IT
WHEN PEOPLE AREN'T THERE
FOR YOU?
DID YOU TRY
CALLING HER?
I'VE BEEN TRYING
FOR TWO DAYS.
WHEN I CALLED
THE RESTAURANT
THEY SAID SHE WAS
TOO BUSY TO TALK.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
SHE'S BLOWING ME OFF.
HEY.
OH.
HAVE YOU GOT A MINUTE?
YEAH. I'M JUST WORKING.
SO...
UH-HUH.
UM... OH, I GOT YOU
A BIRTHDAY PRESENT.
OH, WOW, YOU
REMEMBERED.
OH, IT'S A JUDY
JETSON THERMOS.
THE KIND YOU...
RIGHT.
I GOT SOMETHING
FOR YOU TOO.
HOW'D YOU KNOW
I WAS COMING?
UM... YEAH, UM, TWIN THING.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU DID THIS.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU...
DID THIS.
SO...
WHAT'S THE DEAL
WITH YOU AND JOEY?
OH, RIGHT.
HE IS SO GREAT.
BUT THAT'S OVER.
DOES HE KNOW?
WHO?
JOEY.
YOU KNOW, UM...
HE'S REALLY NUTSY ABOUT YOU.
HE IS? WHY?
YOU GOT ME.
EXCUSE ME.
DOESN'T THIS COME
WITH A SIDE SALAD?
SO, ARE YOU GOING TO CALL HIM?
YOU THINK HE LIKES ME?
NO, JOEY.
OH. NO.
NO. HE IS SO SMART.
HE'LL FIGURE IT OUT.
DO YOU WANT
SOME CHICKEN?
NO. NO FOOD WITH A FACE.
YOU HAVE NOT CHANGED.
YEAH, YOU TOO.
HI. REMEMBER US?
MM-HMM.
YOU JUST CALLED
A LITTLE WHILE AGO
ABOUT NEEDING A SIGNATURE
ON THE ADMISSIONS FORM.
WELL, IT TURNS OUT
WE NEED A WHOLE NEW ONE
BECAUSE, YOU SEE,
I PUT THE WRONG NAME AGAIN
'CAUSE, UM...
YOU'RE THAT STUPID.
I AM.
I'M THAT STUPID.
YEAH, AND I'M
JUST GOING
TO PAY FOR THIS
WITH A CHECK.
WELL, YOUR INSURANCE
WILL COVER THAT.
YEAH, I KNOW.
I'M JUST NOT THAT
BRIGHT EITHER.
OKAY, WORST CASE SCENARIO.
SAY YOU NEVER FEEL
LIKE A FATHER.
SAY YOUR SON
NEVER FEELS
CONNECTED TO YOU AS ONE.
SAY ALL OF HIS
RELATIONSHIPS
ARE AFFECTED
BY THIS.
DO YOU HAVE A POINT?
YOU KNOW, YOU'D
THINK I WOULD.
WHAT'S UP WITH THE SIMIAN?
IT'S JUST A FURBALL.
ALL RIGHT.
OKAY, WHOSE TURN IS IT?
YOURS.
I JUST GOT 43 POINTS
FOR "KIDNEY."
NO, YOU GOT ZERO
POINTS FOR "IDNEY."
HEY, WHERE'S MY "K"?
( choking )
YOU'VE GOT TO HELP ME.
MY MONKEY SWALLOWED A "K."
YOU'LL HAVE TO GET
THAT ANIMAL OUT OF HERE.
THE ANIMAL HOSPITAL
IS WAY ACROSS TOWN.
HE'S CHOKING.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
MARCEL SWALLOWED
A SCRABBLE TILE.
OH.
EXCUSE ME.
THIS HOSPITAL IS FOR PEOPLE.
LADY, HE IS PEOPLE.
HE HAS A NAME, OKAY?
HE WATCHES JEOPARDY
HE TOUCHES HIMSELF
WHEN NOBODY'S WATCHING.
PLEASE, PLEASE,
HAVE A HEART.
I'LL LOOK AT HIM.
OH, THANK YOU.
MICHAEL!
RACHEL.
WHAT?
MONICA.
HI.
OH.
HEY...
URS... WHAT ARE
YOU DOING HERE?
I'VE BEEN TRYING
TO CALL YOU.
LISTEN, UM...
NO, NO, NO,
DON'T SAY, "LISTEN."
I KNOW THAT "LISTEN."
I'VE SAID THAT "LISTEN."
I'M SORRY.
I DON'T GET IT.
WHAT HAPPENED?
WHAT ABOUT EVERYTHING
YOU SAID UNDER THE BRIDGE?
YEAH, UM...
YOU KNOW, YOU SHOULD
JUST FORGET ABOUT
WHAT I SAID
UNDER THE BRIDGE.
I WAS TALKING
CRAZY THAT NIGHT.
I WAS SO DRUNK.
YOU DON'T DRINK.
THAT'S RIGHT, I DON'T.
BUT I WAS DRUNK ON YOU.
OH, URS.
YEAH, SO IT'S
NOT GOING TO WORK.
WHY? IS IT BECAUSE
I'M FRIENDS WITH PHOEBE?
IF IT WAS, WOULD YOU STOP
HANGING OUT WITH HER?
NO.
NO. I COULDN'T DO THAT.
THEN, YEAH.
IT'S 'CAUSE OF PHOEBE.
SO, IT'S EITHER HER OR ME.
THEN, UH...
THEN I'M SORRY.
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE GOING TO BE
REALLY HARD TO GET OVER.
I KNOW.
I DON'T KNOW WHETHER IT'S JUST
'CAUSE WE'RE BREAKING UP OR WHAT
BUT YOU HAVE NEVER LOOKED
SO BEAUTIFUL.
REALLY?
PHEEBS?
YEAH?
HE LOOKS SO TINY.
WE JUST GOT THE MESSAGE.
IS HE ALL RIGHT?
YEAH. THE DOCTOR
GOT THE "K" OUT.
HE ALSO FOUND AN "M" AND AN "O."
WE THINK HE WAS TRYING
TO SPELL OUT "MONKEY."
WELL, THE DOCTOR SAYS
HE'S GOING TO BE FINE.
HE'S JUST SLEEPING NOW.
SO, YOU FEEL LIKE A DAD YET?
NO. WHY?
HEY, COME ON.
YOU CAME THROUGH.
YOU DID WHAT YOU HAD TO DO.
THAT'S VERY DAD.
OH, LOOK.
HE'S WAKING UP.
HEY, FELLA.
HOW YOU DOING?
IN A NEW YORK MINUTE
OOH-EE-OOH
EVERYTHING CAN CHANGE
IN A NEW YORK MINUTE...
[Captioning sponsored by NBC
and WARNER BROS. TELEVISION]
A QUIEN PIDIO EL
POLLO GENERAL TSO?
PUDO AVICIEDO
GENERAL TSO.
MIRA, MIRA, EL VIEJO DESNUDO
ESTA ESIENDO EL HULA HOOP.
Todo:
HOLA, JOEY!
HOLA, AMIGOS.
MIRA, ROSS, MARCEL
SE LLEVO EL CONTROL REMOTO.
LO QUE SUCEDIO ES QUE
NO LE GUSTA LA TELE.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]